---
layout: post
title:  "Plans for 2025"
date:   2024-12-13 09:55:00 -0500
categories: blog
---

Hello Reader,

Have you made any plans for 2025 yet?

I've started brainstorming several projects I'd like to tackle in the new year. Here are a few topics that
have recently caught my interest:
	- Digital footprints
	- Online privacy
	- Decentralization
	- Open-source projects
	- Automation
	- Home Lab

I've only begun researching each of these topics, but I've already made some progress on online privacy
and home lab. Here's what I have planned so far:

Online Privacy

I'm exploring the following products and services to enhance my privacy:
	- Proton Mail
		- Paired with SimpleLogin.io for managing different aliases.
		- Integrated with a custom domain for added control.
		- This setup will replace my current system of using multiple emails for separate categories.
		- The goal is to simplify and streamline my email management.
	- Proton VPN
		- I previously used PIA but stopped due to persistent issues.
		- I'm considering WireGuard and setting up a home VPN as well - though I'll need to research this further.
	- Proton Drive
		- This will replace Microsoft OneDrive.
		- I'm also considering a self-hosted option using NextCloud Home Server.
	- Proton Calendar
		- This will replace Google Calendar.

Home Lab

I've decided to repurpose my old Lenovo ThinkPad T450s to experiment with a home lab setup. It's been sitting unused, so this feels like
the perfect opportunity to put it to good use.

That's all for now. Thanks for reading!